A ReplicaSet enables scaling by creating or deleting pods. 

A ReplicaSet always tries to match the actual state to the desired state. 

Autoscaling enables scaling as needed at the cluster or node level, and the pod level. 

Autoscaler types include horizontal pod (HPA), vertical pod (VPA), and cluster (CA).  

Rolling updates roll out app changes in a controlled and automated way. 

Rolling updates and rollback can be performed using all-at-once and one-at-a-time strategies. 

ConfigMaps are used to provide variables for your application. 

Secrets are used to provide sensitive information to your application. 

Binding an external Service to your deployment automatically provides the credentials to use the Service inside the code. 

Binding manages configuration and credentials for back-end Services while protecting sensitive data. 

Command	Description
kubectl autoscale deployment	Autoscales a Kubernetes Deployment.
kubectl create configmap	Creates a ConfigMap resource.
kubectl get deployments -o wide	Lists deployments with details.
kubectl get hpa	Lists Horizontal Pod Autoscalers (hpa)
kubectl scale deployment	Scales a deployment.
kubectl set image deployment	Updates the current deployment.
kubectl rollout	Manages the rollout of a resource.
kubectl rollout restart	Restarts the resource so that the containers restart.
kubectl rollout undo	Rollbacks the resource.

Cluster Autoscaler	Also known as CA. An API resource that autoscales the cluster itself, increasing and decreasing the number of available nodes that pods can run on.
Config Map	An API object used to store non-confidential data in key-value pairs. Pods can consume ConfigMaps as environment variables, command-line arguments, or as configuration files in a volume.
Horizontal Pod Autoscaler	Also known as:HPA An API resource that automatically scales the number of Pod replicas based on targeted CPU utilization or custom metric targets.
Linguistic Analysis	Detects the tone in a given text.
IBM Cloud catalog	provides various Services that range from visual recognition to natural language processing and creating chatbots.
Persistent Volume	An API object that represents a piece of storage in the cluster. Available as a general, pluggable resource that persists beyond the lifecycle of any individual Pod.
Persistent Volume Claim	Claims storage resources defined in a PersistentVolume so that it can be mounted as a volume in a container.
Rolling Updates	Provide a way to roll out application changes in an automated and controlled fashion throughout your pods. Rolling updates work with pod templates such as deployments. Rolling updates allow for rollback if something goes wrong.
Secrets	Stores sensitive information, such as passwords, OAuth tokens, and ssh keys.
Service binding	is the process needed to consume external Services or backing Services, including REST APIs, databases, and event buses in your applications.
Tone Analyzer Service	is used for explaining service binding. This IBM Cloud Service uses linguistic analysis to detect tone in a given text.
Vertical Pod Autoscaler also known as VPA	An API resource that adds resources to an existing machine. A VPA lets you scale a service vertically within a cluster.
Volume	A directory containing data, accessible to multiple containers in a Pod.
Volume Mount	entails mounting of the declared volume into a container in the same Pod.
Volume Plugin	A Volume Plugin enables integration of storage within a Pod.